---
title:  "Hello, people"
subtitle: "Post #1"
author: "Akshay Elangovan"
avatar: "img/authors/wferr.png"
image: "img/a.jpg"
date:   2016-12-17 01:04:17
---

### Hello, people. Welcome to Gibberich.
My name is Akshay Elangovan and this is my blog. Let me give you an insight of what I plan to do with this website and how it started. I wanted an outlet, like either a blog or a YouTube channel to serve as productive black hole that takes my time, a creative space where I can make content of my own and work, exercise my mind so that it’s never idle. Because otherwise, it'd be me, songs, contemplation and video games. My time apart for the regular routine life is primarily consumed by contemplation and video games. I contemplate about a lot of things, life, future, past, nature, technology, engineering, travel and the likes. Usually I feel an urge to share the fruits of such contemplative thoughts with others and a blog seemed to be the right way. So I came up with a name, “Gibberich”. It traces back to the word gibberish as you might’ve already guessed and is blended with the word rich. This word was added to my vocabulary surprisingly by a card game I used to play when I was a kid. A Cryptic Totem from Duel Masters. So when I found a new word then, searching it up in a dictionary was the easiest thing to do. Yes, Google did exist then but I resorted to a dictionary. And I liked the word. Since I won’t stick to some common interests of mine while blogging and the genre of any post is totally uncertain, I hope it’s pretty synonymous. And just because its gibberish doesn’t mean that it is not useful. I’d like to quote Robin Sharma here. “A day without learning is like a day without breathing.” So as I commit myself to learn something new every day, I hope I share a fair amount of my knowledge in every conversation I have. Always rich in knowledge of the unfamiliar kinds. Hence, I present to you, Gibberich. I shared this idea with a couple of my mates and one good friend of mine decided to gift me this domain on my birthday. Just hours before the day, he informs me that the domain is unavailable. I was a bit sad hearing this and immediately came up with twenty different alternatives to Gibberich but none was as pleasing as the same. A few minutes after the clock struck twelve, the mate revealed the surprise. Of course, the domain wasn’t available because he bought it to gift it. So I got this domain a couple months back and this guy right here hasn’t done anything with it. “What’s wrong with you?” “A lot” Moving past that massive procrastination trouble, here we are at our first post. So I would like to warmly welcome you all to the site. There’s fine posts coming up so stick around.
Oh and, Spread the word.