---
title:  "Being the Roll Cage Guy experience #1"
subtitle: "Post #2"
author: "Akshay Elangovan"
avatar: "img/authors/wferr.png"
image: "img/launch.png"
date:   2017-01-09 01:04:17
---

### Hey, you!
So, before I start telling you things that might sound strange to you, know that I'm an engineer. I'm presently a sophomore pursuing my bachelor's in mechanical engineering but ever since I gained senses of my voluntary functions I wanted to build things. As arrogant as it may sound(though it doesn't) I always thought I was an engineer, the degree, education, knowledge and skill didn't matter. I had this drive to build things and that provided me everything I needed to complete my projects. In my freshman year, I got selected as a member of 'The Road Runners', official team of Baja Student India from VIT University. I gave the selection test, made a sweet SOP and won at the interview. For those who aren't familiar with Baja Student India, it is a design competition held exclusively for students. The objective is to build an off-road car that is sturdy, functional and practical. I was interested in design and so the rollcage department seemed apt for me. Three semesters later, here I am participating in Enduro Student India 2017(they renamed it for some reason) as a part of TRR. So far I've gained several skills rapidly I would have missed had I stuck to the ordinary routine posted by the university. I've designed and drafted several versions of roll cages using Solidworks, learnt welding like a good apperentice, cut, grinded, smoothened, drilled several metal parts, performed analysis tests and played a fair part as a team player. I had super seniors(final year students who were part of TRR) to look up to and seniors(third year students who were part of TRR) to guide and teach me. This gave me a sense of purpose during most of the dull days. I travelled into the city to get parts manufactured or to buy materials. I spent hours after the street went quiet in the garage working with others. And now, the roll cage is made, and parts have been manufactured, spares are bought, the engine can whirl to life with a crank, the wheels stand confidently but only shaken by the tie rods used in the steering system, the seat beautifully hiding behind the red racing harness, wires flow in and out of circuit boards and sensors, dampeners that can push back loads and the right brakes to do the trick, the car is about to represent the team that built it. I got my participant band and headed to the pit. I didn't look back at the hours spent working on the car but was excited being there with similar teams from all over India. It was inspiring seeing others who were of the same age set doing things an engineer petrolhead would do and feeling proud the moment I realise I'm no different.
Rest to be shared soon.
Oh and, Spread the word. 