---
title:  "Had I forgotten?"
subtitle: "Post #4"
author: "Akshay Elangovan"
avatar: "img/authors/wferr.png"
image: "img/sad.jpg"
date:   2017-01-23 04:49:17
---

### The danger of forgetting who you want to be.
With respect to recent events, I feel I've become someone different, someone who I don't want to become just by trying to become someone who I want to be. Is the path that I chose wrong? Don't I think clearly before I do? Or is my mind just so polluted that I am blind to my own virtues? Today, I realize I'm a hypocrite. I follow the system that I neglected. I try hard to fit in somewhere I shouldn't. I hurt people the same way I forbid unknowingly. Used to be, when I had a vision, I dreamt of better things, saw positive vibes everywhere, knew how to keep away from the toxic. But in trying to find home, make peace with all the gains and losses I've been through, I've forgot something special. Something inside me unknown to the world, kept away waiting for a right time and right people to share with. These ideologies and plain thoughts that can make a difference, but faded in my memories is driving me into deep regrets now. I forgot the way of humour trying to make someone laugh lest they forget. I forgot the way of connecting with people trying to find anyone lest I feel alone. I forgot the way of life trying to help others lest I feel helpless. I forgot the way of comforting trying to take someone's worries away lest deepening mine. I forgot the nice person I was trying to fit anywhere instead of home. I forgot who I am. I don't recognize me anymore. All the things we do to be someone who people accept thinking we are not good enough. I wish to take back things I said, action I should've avoided and persons I drove away. I'm lost and forgot my way.