---
title:  "Being the Roll Cage Guy experience #2"
subtitle: "Post #3"
author: "Akshay Elangovan"
avatar: "img/authors/ticlear.jpg"
image: "img/launch.png"
date:   2017-01-17 01:04:17
---

### Hey, you!
Where were we? .... Yeah, the pits. Our pit was marked number 2 with a nice yellow banner displaying our team's name and college. All the tool were put into place and we began assembling our car. It went on and on and it was already evening when the car was ready to be taken for technical inspection. We had to get in a queue of other teams nervously waiting, not knowing what issues might be raised up by the inspectors. Bad luck was what we had. They closed up right before when we were next. We came back the next morning and when our representatives came back from the inspection, they weren't happy. A lot had to be changed. Even the roll cage. A new member here and there were added hesistantly because of the vain of weight reduction. Whilst the team was working on these changes and I could do no help other than fill bottles with drinking water, I took a stroll now and then to observe other cars. Some were so compact, you'd wonder how does anybody fit in there. Some cars had awesome aesthetics, this way they looked way more professional. A gusset here, a gusset there, this member is bent, that member is not, I noted down all these observations on my phone. I admired the choice of fasteners of some teams. And some teams made me wonder how did they even clear TI. Lighter cars made me jealous, weight reduction is a big deal while designing a roll cage. Back to the pit, it took us four tries to clear TI. The car was fuelled and then weighed which came out to be 178.6 kilos. Sweet. Moving on to having our engine and brakes checked, we cleared them with no pressure. Static events had to go on whilst these happened and I was gonna present the roll cage design. Exciting and frightening.
Rest to be shared soon.
Oh and, Spread the word. 